# Directory structure

<pre>
├── application
├── ci
├── clients
│   ├── ivaapi
│   ├── omegapay
│   └── voxapi
│       └── models
├── config
├── data
├── db
│   └── migrations
├── models
│   ├── apimodels
│   ├── cachemodels
│   ├── dbmodels
│   ├── dcprops
│   └── transform
├── repository
│   ├── pgrepo
│   ├── redisrepo
│   └── repoerrs
├── restapi
│   ├── errorcode
│   ├── handlers
│   │   ├── bookingshandlers
│   │   ├── healthhandlers
│   │   ├── movieshandlers
│   │   └── ticketinghandlers
│   ├── operations
│   │   ├── bookings
│   │   ├── health
│   │   ├── movies
│   │   ├── payments
│   │   ├── ticketing
│   │   └── transactions
│   └── responder
├── services
│   ├── jobs
│   ├── metadataservice
│   ├── moviesservice
│   ├── sessionservice
│   ├── srverrs
│   └── ticketingservice
│       └── seatfix
├── swagger
│   └── models
│       └── vista
│           ├── extras
│           └── payments
├── tests
├── toolbin
└── utils
</pre>


### application

Application directory contains all initial setups for application. In this file we are setting up

1. Logger
2. Database
3. Tracing
4. Clients
5. Cron Jobs etc

this directory contains only one file which is responsible for starting and stopping server with above configurations.


### clients

Clients contains multiple directory like

<pre>
│   ├── ivaapi
│   ├── omegapay
│   └── voxapi
│       └── models
</pre>


where `ivaapi` is used to connect with IVA service, `omegapay` used for payment and `voxapi` used for connecting with VOX api.


### config

config directory contains all the configuration for the application. like server, database url, client id, client secrets etc.

### data

this is a special directory where we are keeping all the SeatType mapping for VOX. VOX is not providing any API for SeatType mapping so we are keepting it loccally.

### db

This directory contains database related stuff like migration files etc.

### models

Models directory is keepting all the data transfer object for the application.

### repository

This directory contains several repository for the service, its used to intract with database and all database releated logic in this directory only.

### restapi

RestApi directory is a generated directory. It will be generated by `go-swagger` based on `swagger.yml` this directory is being generated with models, params and handlers.

### services

Services directory is keeping all the logic for interacting with different different services.

### swagger

swagger directory having `swagger.yml` and it is responsible fo generating model, handler, validation etc.

### tests

Tests used to keep test files.

### toolbin

Some tools are required to generate code like swagger. so we are keepting `swagger` and other executables into this directory.


### utils

As name suggest its keeping helper and utility functions.